---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: "2015-05-01T22:12:03.284Z"
description: "Last updated: Feb 7, 2020"
---

Vectorized, Inc. (“**Vectorized**,” “**we**,” “**our**” or “**us**”)
respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our
compliance with this privacy policy. This privacy policy explains our
policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and
security of certain information that we receive, with a focus on
information that would be considered “personal data” within the meaning
of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“**GDPR**”). As used in
this privacy policy, “personal data” refers information about an
identified or identifiable individual, such as their name or email
address.

Vectorized provides a unified, high-throughput, low-latency software
platform for queuing real-time data feeds (as modified from time to
time, the “**Vectorized Software**”).

For the purposes of the **GDPR**, Vectorized is considered the data
controller. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we use
the information that we hold. We are a Delaware corporation registered
in the United States with an office at Vectorized, Inc., 5758 Geary Blvd
\#153, San Francisco CA 94121.

The GDPR applies to you if you reside in the European Economic Area (an
“**EEA Resident**”).

Please note that by accessing and using the Vectorized Software,
visiting or using https://vectorized.io (the “**Site**”) and the various
related services, features, functions, software, applications, websites
and networks (together with the Vectorized Software and the Site,
collectively, the “**Vectorized Services**”), you are accepting the
practices described in this privacy policy, subject to any rights or
restrictions that might apply under the GDPR if you are an EEA Resident,
including the rights described in the European Privacy Rights for EEA
Residents provisions below. This privacy policy is incorporated by
reference into the specific agreement that governs your use of the
Vectorized Software and the other Vectorized Services (the “**Terms**”).

This policy describes the types of personal data and other information
that we may collect from you or that you may provide when you access or
use the Vectorized Software, the other Vectorized Services or any of the
other features, functions, services, and products, including our Service
Providers’ services and products, and our practices for collecting,
using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.

This policy applies to personal data and other information that we
collect or may collect:

  - In registering to use and to create an account for the Vectorized
    Software.

  - In registering to be on Vectorized’s waitlist.

  - In accessing and using the Vectorized Software and the other
    Vectorized Services.

  - In e-mail, text and other electronic messages sent through or use of
    the Vectorized Software or any of the other Vectorized Services.

  - When you send or upload any content through Vectorized Software or
    any of the other Vectorized Services.

  - When you email Vectorized or our helpdesk.

  - Through services provided to us or to you by our Service Providers
    and other third-party companies, agents or contractors.

It does not apply to information collected by:

  - Us offline or through any other means, including on any other
    website operated by Vectorized or any third party.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and
practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do
not agree with our policies and practices, your only choice is not to
use the Vectorized Software or any of the other Vectorized Services. By
accessing or using the Vectorized Software or any of the other
Vectorized Services, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may
change from time to time. Your continued use of the Vectorized Software
and/or any of the other Vectorized Services, after we make changes is
deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy
periodically for updates.

**Minors under the Age of 18**

None of the Vectorized Services are intended for minors under 18 years
of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information on or through
the Vectorized Software or the other Vectorized Services. We do not
knowingly collect personal data from children under 13. If you are under
13, do not use or provide any information on or through any of the
Vectorized Services, use any of the interactive or public comment
features of the Vectorized Services or provide any information about
yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail
address or any screen name, username you may use or any pictures of you.
If we learn we have collected or received personal data from a child
under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that
information. If you believe that we might have any information from or
about a child under 13, please contact us at <support@vectorized.io.>

**Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It**

We collect or may collect several types of information from and about
users of the Vectorized Software and the other Vectorized Services,
including:

  - Information by which you may be personally identified, including
    personal data such as name and e-mail address;

  - Information that you provide by registering, creating accounts or
    registering to be on the waitlist on or through the Vectorized
    Services, including information provided in connection with
    registering to access and use the Vectorized Software;

  - Content that you provide on a private chat platform or support
    group;

  - Financial and billing information;

  - When you report a problem with the Vectorized Software or any of the
    other Vectorized Services;

  - Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail
    addresses), if you contact us;

  - Details of tasks and other activities that you carry out through the
    Vectorized Software and any of the other Vectorized Services;

  - Information that you provide when you contact our helpdesk;

  - Information that is about you but individually does not identify
    you, such as the date and time of visit; and/or

  - and/or

  - Device, internet and mobile information such as the hardware model,
    operating system version, unique device identifiers, browser type,
    language, wireless network, and mobile network information
    (including the mobile phone number).

 We collect this information:

  - Directly from you when you provide it to us.

  - Automatically as you navigate through or use the Vectorized Software
    or any of the other Vectorized Services.

  - From third parties, such as our Service Providers and other third
    parties that provide us or you with certain services.

Certain transactions may also involve you calling us or our calling you.
Please be aware that we may monitor, and in some cases, record such
calls for staff training or quality assurance purposes.

#### Data Minimization 

We take every reasonable step to limit the volume of your personal data
that we process to what is reasonably necessary.

**We do not Engage in Automated Decision-making without Human
Intervention**

We do not use automated decision-making without human intervention,
including profiling, in a way that produces legal effects concerning you
or otherwise significantly affects you.

**Consequences of not providing Personal Data**

If you do not provide the personal data, we may not be able to access to
the Vectorized Software or to respond to your requests or provide the
Vectorized Services.     

**Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.**

  - We do not currently use cookies or other tracking technologies.

**Do Not Track Policy**

Your web browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you
to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services
(including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such
operators to track certain of your online activities over time and
across different websites. We do not honor any web browser “Do Not
Track” signals or other mechanisms that provide you with the ability
to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable
information about your online activities over time and across
third-party websites or online services. At present, no universally
accepted standards exist on how companies should respond to do-not-track
signals. In the event a final universally accepted standard is
established, we will assess and provide an appropriate response to these
signals

**Third-party Responsibilities and Services.**

We may use or partner with other third-party companies, agents or
contractors for various purposes in connection with our business and
operations (“**Service Providers**”), such as software and data base
servers, voice and SMS communications, collecting customer service and
support, statistical analysis of the use of the Vectorized Services,
invoicing and surveys. In the course of performing these
responsibilities and providing such services, these other companies may
have access to your information. We may also share information,
including your information, with these Services Providers in order to
enable them to perform these responsibilities and to provide these
services.  These Services Providers may have adopted their own privacy
policies, which are not subject to control by Vectorized. You should
always review the policies of these Service Providers to make sure that
you are comfortable with the ways in which they collect, use, maintain,
protect and disclose your information. We do not list our current
Service Providers because they change from time to time. If you would
like the names of any of Service Providers, please email us at
[support@vectorized.io](mailto:support@vectorizedglobal.com).

**How We Use Your Information**

We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us,
including any personal data:

  - To provide you the Vectorized Software and the other Vectorized
    Services and the content and the other services that you request
    from us.

  - To process and complete transactions, including registration for the
    use of the Vectorized Software and send you related information.

  - To determine if the Vectorized Software is right for you and to
    contact you of our conclusion.

  - To provide software updates.

  - To provide technical and other support to you.

  - To enable Service Providers to perform certain responsibilities and
    provide certain services in connection with the Vectorized Services
    and our business and operations.

  - To provide you with notices about your account, actions, or activity
    within the Vectorized Software.

  - To provide you with notices about the Vectorized Software and the
    other Vectorized Services.

  - To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any
    agreements entered into between you and us, including for billing
    and collection.

  - To notify you about changes to the Vectorized Software and the other
    Vectorized Services.

  - To enhance the safety and security of all of the Vectorized
    Services.

  - To maintain a history of any data access and modifications to the
    system, for security and auditing purposes.

  - To verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or
    illegal activity.

  - In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.

  - To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.

  - To recognize you when you return to the Vectorized Software.

  - For any other purpose with your consent.

Some of the information that we collect automatically is statistical
data and does not include personal data, but we may maintain it or
associate it with personal data we collect in other ways or receive from
third parties or you provide to us. It helps us to improve the
Vectorized Software and the other Vectorized Services, and to deliver a
better and more personalized service, including enabling us to:

  - Understand what features of the Vectorized Software our users
    utilize and how they use them

  - Create and establish industry benchmarks

  - Estimate our usage size and better understand usage patterns.

  - Store information about your preferences, enabling us to customize
    the Vectorized Software according to your individual interests.

  - Plan and prioritize new features, updates and enhancements

 **Storage and Transfer of Your Information**

We may store any data or other information that we collect (personal or
otherwise) ourselves or in databases and servers owned and maintained by
us, our affiliates, agents or Service Providers. If you access or use
the Vectorized Software or any of the other Vectorized Services outside
of the United States, information that we collect about you may be
transferred to servers inside the United States and maintained
indefinitely, which may involve the transfer of information out of
countries located in the European Economic Area and other parts of the
world unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law or agreed by
Vectorized and you. By allowing Vectorized to collect information about
you, you consent to such transfer and processing of such information
without restriction. We may also store some information locally on your
computer or other devices. For example, we may store information as
local cache so that you can open the Vectorized Software and view
content faster.

Although users from all over the world may access the Vectorized
Software and the other Vectorized Services, keep in mind that no matter
where you live or where you happen to use the Vectorized Services, you
consent to us processing and transferring information in and to the
United States and other countries whose data-protection and privacy laws
may offer fewer protections than those in your home country.

**<span class="underline">Google Analytics</span>**

We use “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of the Site.
Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the
Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they
used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information we get from
Google Analytics to improve the Vectorized Services, the Site and its
related features, functionality and performance. Google Analytics
collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this
Site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not
combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics
with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics
plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a
unique user the next time you visit the Site, the cookie cannot be used
by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information
collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is
restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy
Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return
visits to the Site by disabling cookies on your browser. You can set
preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad
Preferences page, and if you want to, you can opt out of interest-based
advertising entirely by cookie settings or
[<span class="underline">permanently using a browser
plugin</span>](https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/plugin?hl=en).

Google has additional information available about its Remarketing
Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions on its website.

**<span class="underline">MailChimp</span>**

We use MailChimp to send our blog and targeted emails. For more
information, please see  [MailChimp’s Privacy
Policy](https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/).

**<span class="underline">Typeform</span>**

We use Typeform for doing surveys. Typeform S.L. may collect and process
personal data on our instructions and our behalf as our data processor.
For more information, please see  [Typeform's Privacy
Policy](https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt).

**Disclosure of Your Information**

  - We may use and disclose aggregated information about our users, and
    information that does not identify any individual, without
    restriction.

  - We may disclose personal data that we collect or you provide as
    described in this privacy policy: 

  - To our subsidiaries, affiliates and parent company.

  - To other users in your organization in connection with the
    Vectorized Software or any of the other Vectorized Services.

  - To our operations personnel.

  - To our Service Providers, contractors and other third parties we use
    to support the Vectorized Software, the Vectorized Services and our
    business.

<!-- end list -->

  - To a potential or actual buyer, assignee or other successor
    (including its related advisors and agents) in the event of a
    merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or
    other sale or transfer of some or all of Vectorized’s assets,
    whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or
    similar proceeding, in which personal data held by Vectorized about
    users of the Vectorized Software and the other Vectorized Services
    is among the assets that may be or are actually transferred.

  - To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.

  - For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
    information.

  - With your consent.

We may also disclose your data information:

  - To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to
    respond to any government or regulatory request.

  - To enforce or apply the Terms and other agreements, including for
    billing and collection purposes. ** **

  - If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the
    rights, property, or safety of Vectorized, our customers or others.

We may share information that is anonymized or in an aggregated form
that does not directly identify you and we may use and share any such
information for any purpose without restriction so long as it does not
violate the terms of this privacy policy or any applicable law. We may
use, disclose or sell that anonymized or aggregated information without
restriction so long as we do not disclose any of your personal data or
violate the terms of this privacy policy or any applicable law.

**Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Personal Data**

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal data you
provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the
following control over your personal data:

  - **Tracking Technologies and Advertising.** You can set your browser
    to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies
    are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie
    settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s
    [*<span class="underline">website</span>*](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html).
    If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that all or some parts
    of the Vectorized Software, may then be inaccessible or not function
    properly.

We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information
to serve interest-based advertising. You may be able to opt out of
receiving personalized advertisements from companies who are members of
the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital
Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral
Advertising. For more information about this practice and to understand
your options, please visit:
[<span class="underline">http://www.aboutads.info</span>](http://www.aboutads.info)
and
[<span class="underline">http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/</span>](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).
You may also use TRUSTe’s Preference Manager at
[<span class="underline">http://preferences-mgr.truste.com</span>](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com).

###  **Our Legal Bases for Handling Your Personal Data**

GDPR and the laws in some other jurisdictions require companies to tell
you about the legal bases that they rely on to use or disclose your
personal data. To the extent that those laws apply, we rely on the
following legal grounds to process your personal data:

  - **Performance of a contract:** In most cases, we collect and use
    your personal data and other information to meet our obligations
    under a contract to which you are a party or pursuant to which we
    are providing services to you. For example, when you use our
    Vectorized Software or the other Vectorized Services, we will use
    your personal data to respond to your requests and to provide you
    with these services.

  - Legitimate interests: We may use your personal data information for
    our legitimate interests on the grounds that it furthers our
    legitimate interests in commercial activities (but only to the
    extent that such interests are overridden by the interests or
    fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals)
    including:
    
      - Analyzing and improving the Vectorized Software, the other
        Vectorized Services and our business
    
      - Providing the services pursuant to our contracts with our
        clients

  - Legal compliance: We may use and disclose personal data in certain
    ways to comply with our legal obligations under European or Member
    State law or other applicable law.

  - Consent:  To the extent required by law, and in certain other cases,
    we handle personal data on the basis of implied or express consent.

**Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Data**

You may change, correct or delete any personal data that you have
provided to us by emailing us at
<span class="underline">support@vectorized.io</span>.

**European Privacy Rights for EEA Residents.**

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for
marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your
personal data) if we intend to use your personal data for such purposes
or if we intend to disclose your personal data to any third party for
such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by
checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your personal
data. You can also exercise the right by contacting us directly.

If you are an EEA Resident and GDPR applies and we hold your personal
data in our capacity as a controller, you may request that we:

  - Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal data (including,
    in some cases, in portable form);

  - Prevent the processing of your personal data for direct-marketing
    purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on
    profiling);

  - Update personal data that is out of date or incorrect;

  - Delete certain personal data which we are holding about you;
    provided that the personal data is not required by us for (i)
    compliance with a legal obligation under European or Member State
    law or other applicable law or (ii) the establishment, exercise or
    defense of a legal claim;

  - Object to our processing of personal data;

  - Restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your
    information except to the extent that processing is required (i) to
    comply with a legal obligation under European Member State law or
    applicable law or (ii) for the establishment, exercise or defense of
    legal claims;

  - Transfer your personal data to a third party to the extent that this
    is technically feasible; and

  - Honor a revocation of your consent for the processing of your
    personal data (without retroactive effect).

We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time
period required by applicable law. Please note, however, that certain
information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances,
which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our
legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may
request you provide us with additional information to confirm your
identity before responding to your request. You have the right to lodge
a complaint with the authorities applicable to your situation, though we
invite you to contact us with any concern, as we would be happy to try
to resolve it directly.

If you are an EEA Resident in France, you also have the right to set
guidelines for the retention and communication of your personal data
after your death.

If you reside in a jurisdiction other than the European Economic Area,
you may also have similar rights to the above. Please contact us at
<support@vectorized.io> if you would like to exercise one of these
rights, and we will comply with any request to the extent required under
applicable law.

In addition, where you believe that we have not complied with its
obligation under this Privacy Policy or European law, you have the right
to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority, such as the UK
Information Commissioner’s Office. [<span class="underline">Here is a
list of local data protection authorities in EEA
countries.</span>](http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080)

You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us at
[<span class="underline">support@Vectorized.io</span>](mailto:hi@sheptravel.com)
or write to us at: Vectorized, Inc., 5758 Geary Blvd \#153, San
Francisco CA 94121.

**How Long We Store Your Personal Data**

We will only retain your personal data, in a form which permits us to
identify you, for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we
collected it for. We will retain and use your personal data as necessary
to satisfy any legal, accounting or reporting requirements, to resolve
disputes or to enforce our agreements and rights. To dispose of personal
data, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps.
Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity
purposes for additional time.

**Data Security**

We understand that the security of your personal data is important. We
provide reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security
controls to protect your personal data.  However, despite our efforts,
no security controls are 100% effective. Vectorized cannot ensure or
warrant the security of your personal data. Any transmission of personal
information over public or third party networks is at your own risk. We
are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or
security measures contained on or through the Vectorized Software.

The safety and security of your data also depends on you. Where you have
chosen (or we have given you) a password for access to and use the
Vectorized Software , you are responsible for keeping this password
confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge
you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of any of
the Vectorized Software. The information you share in public areas may
be viewed by Vectorized and anyone anonymously, including people who are
not users of the Vectorized Software

**Changes to Our Privacy Policy**

It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on
this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the
home pages of the Site for at least 30 days and by email. If we make
material changes to how we treat our users’ personal data that are
materially less protective than provided in this policy, we will use
reasonable efforts to notify you by e-mail to the e-mail address
specified in your account and/or through a notice on the home pages of
the Site and to attempt to get your consent to the changes. The date the
privacy policy was last updated is identified above. You are responsible
for ensuring that we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail
address for you, and for periodically visiting the Site and this privacy
policy to check for any changes.  Like our Terms, of which this privacy
policy is a part, your use, and/or continued use after our efforts to
contact you, of , the Vectorized Software means that you agree to be
bound by such changes.

**Survival**

The policies indicated in this privacy policy will remain effective,
even if the Terms and the other agreements between us are terminated and
you are no longer using the Vectorized Software or any of the other
Vectorized Services.

**Contact Information**

To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy
practices or need to reach us for any other reason, you may contact us
by e-mail at <support@vectorized.io> or by mail at, 5758 Geary Blvd
\#153, San Francisco CA 94121.



© Copyright Vectorized, Inc. 2020

